# Build Configuration
The build configuration is used to set parameters of the build, as well as some base application settings that might be required for your custom instance

```json
{
	"cordova" : {
		"dir" : "cordova",
		"packageId" : "coza.opencollab.synthesis.mobile",
		"authorName" : "John Doe",
		"authorEmail" : "john.doe@yourdomain.com",
		"xml" : "",
		"platforms" : {
			"android" : "5.1.1",
			"ios" : "4.1.0",
			"windows" : "4.3.2"
		},
		"plugins" : [
			"cordova-plugin-whitelist@1.2.1",
			"phonegap-plugin-push@1.3.0",
			"cordova-plugin-file@4.1.1",
			"cordova-plugin-file-transfer@1.5.0",
			"cordova-plugin-device@1.1.1",
			"cordova-plugin-inappbrowser@1.3.0",
			"cordova-plugin-statusbar@2.1.1",
			"cordova-plugin-dialogs@1.2.0",
			"cordova-plugin-disable-nsapptransportsecurity@1.0.2",
			"https://github.com/OpenCollabZA/cordova-plugin-fileopener.git"
		],
		"preferences" : {
			"fullscreen" : "false",
			"webviewbounce" : "false",
			"DisallowOverscroll" : "true",
			"StatusBarOverlaysWebView" : "false",
			"StatusBarBackgroundColor" : "#000000",
			"StatusBarStyle" : "lightcontent",
			"AndroidPersistentFileLocation" : "Compatibility",
			"iosPersistentFileLocation" : "Library",
			"windows-target-version" : "8.1"
		},
		"android" : {
			"storeFile" : null,
			"keyAlias" : null,
			"storePassword" : null,
			"keyPassword" : null
		}
	},
	"serverBaseUrl" : "http://synthesis.opencollab.co.za",
	"serverBaseContextPath" : "/synthesis-service",
	"applicationName" : "Synthesis Mobile",
	"vendorName" : "OPENCOLLAB",
	"vendorURL" : "http://www.opencollab.co.za",
	"dataDir" : "SynthMobile",
	"logLevel" : 1,
	"logToConsole" : true,
	"logToFile" : true,
	"logFileSize" : 1000000,
	"logFileCount" : 5,
	"pushEnabled" : false,
	"androidSenderID" : null
}
```
## Options

### cordova.dir
The directory in which the cordova build will take place

### cordova.packageId
The id which must be assigned to your application package.

### cordova.authorName
The author name that must appear in the application meta data.

### cordova.authorEmail
The author email that must appear in the application meta data.

### cordova.xml
Additional XML to append to the cordova config.xml file

### cordova.platforms
The versions of the platforms to use. Supported platforms are `android`, `ios` and `windows` (still in development)

### cordova.plugins
The plugins and the versions of them to install for the application.

### cordova.preferences
Preferences to set to the cordova project.

### cordova.android.storeFile
Path to the keystore to use for building the Android application

### cordova.android.keyAlias
Alias of the key to use for building the Android application

### cordova.android.storePassword
Keystore password to use for building the Android application

### cordova.android.keyPassword
Key password to use for building the Android application

### serverBaseUrl
Base URL of the server.
Do NOT include any context path or trailing slash.

**example:** http://my.server.com or http://my.server.com:8080

### serverBaseContextPath
Context path the of the Synthesis Server.
This path should contain a trailing slash. if the service is hosted on the root of the server, enter only the "/" as the value

### applicationName
Name of the application to display within the application

### vendorName
Name of the company that is responsible for creating the instance of the application (currently not used)

### vendorURL
Webpage link to the vendor website (not currently used)

### dataDir
Name of the directory where synthesis will save content.
This will be relative to the directory which the native device  selects as a suitable location for content. It might be on a external
SD card, Internal SD card, or any location the system chooses.

**WARNING**: *Never change this once in production! Students will not  see
the content they already downloaded, and content not uploaded yet will seem lost!*

### logLevel
Logging level for the application

| Meaning  | Level  |
| -------- | :----: |
| DEBUG    |    1   |
| INFO     |    2   |
| WARN     |    3   |
| ERROR    |    4   |
| NONE     |    5   |

## Building Android with a Keystore
You might want to build the application with an keystore, especially when you are going to deploy to the app store.

To change the keystore, which by default is a keystore generated by your SDK, and cannot be used to publish to a store, you need to configure 4 properties, `cordova.android.storeFile`, `cordova.android.keyAlias`, `cordova.android.storePassword` and `cordova.android.keyPassword`. See the description of each field to see their purpose.
